This is a bunch of miscellaneous stuff that went into the development of this project, it's here just for fun really. The original version, Circuit Simulator 1, is included here too. The original was all command-line based and displayed boards with ASCII graphics, it was a real pain to use basically. The code for that project is pretty old though (and a complete mess) so I have no idea if it still works.

Also included here is a bunch of the planning that went into the computer ("boards/Computer.txt") circuit. There's a crude specifications doc, some visual layouts that helped with spatially positioning the components, and a simple compiler to load assembly programs onto the computer. The compiler translates .ncc files into the binary instructions that the computer can execute, and edits the save file to splice the new ROM data right in. This was created around the same time as Circuit Sim 1 though, so the code is pretty bad and certainly won't still work without some adjustments.

Around May of 2020 I started work on a new computer with a 16-bit architecture (the first one I built was 4-bit, next one 8-bit, so naturally it's time to move to 16 right?) This one would additionally use the new tri-state logic rules introduced in version 1.1 for a more realistic design, and also feature instruction pipelining for much faster program execution that I had learned about in a college course in computer organization. Some of the parts for it are completed, but it's still mostly unfinished as I got bored of working on it and have moved on to other things. Some of the planning is still here though in case I ever do finish it, and it may even be helpful to someone who finds this and is thinking about building their own computer.
